
VERSION 0.3-4

o add "CPoptim" algorithm (convex partition)

o fixed "plinear-brute-force" error

VERSION 0.3-3

o fix bug that occurred when using "port"

VERSION 0.3-2

o fix bug in 0.3-0 related not being able to access data= in some situations

VERSION 0.3-0

o add lhs (Latin Hypercube Sampling) and plinear-lhs sampling algorithms

o if all iterations fail return NULL

o add README file

o add INSTALL file

o fix Example 5 in help file and change it to use plinear-lhs

o fix number of iterations.  Previously 1 iteration could display incorrectly.

o fix weights. Do not ignore weights (includes contribution by Ben Bolker)

o fix subset. Do not ignore subset argument.  Note that if subset is specified 
  then data must be specified as a data.frame.

o add caveat to help file regarding start argument not supporting the nls
  grouped data list of vector format

VERSION 0.2-1

o bug fix for case of only one parameter

o start may now also be any object with a coef method

VERSION 0.2-0

o algoirthm can be "plinear-brute" or "plinear-random"

o corrected one nls2 example

o trace is now used by nls2 to control printing.  Previously it was only used
  to pass to nls.

VERSION 0.1-5

o corce formula argument to a formula if its not already a formula

VERSION 0.1-4 

o NAMESPACE file added

o as.lm removed

VERSION 0.1-3

o as.lm and as.lm.nls can be used to convert an "nls" object to an 
  "lm" object which is tangent to the nls object.  Untested.

o as.lm.nls uses proto package hence new dependency

o added algorithm = "random" which samples maxiter rows from start if
  start is a data frame with more than 2 rows whereas if start is a data
  frame with exactly 2 rows it will take maxiter random points from the
  rectangle whose boundary is defined by the rows.

o if nls exits with an error nls2 uses NA as the return value of that nls
  call instead of stopping with an error

VERSION 0.1-2

o fixed problem with update not working with objects produced by nls2.

o fixed number of iterations and tolerance displayed when using
  algorithm = "brute-force".

o if there are exactly two rows in start= then a grid of starting values
  is formed so that there are at least maxiter points on the grid.

o start can be an nls object in which case coef(nls) is used.

VERSION 0.1-1

o documentation and DESCRIPTION file tweaks.

VERSION 0.1-0

o initial release.

